for many years the intelligence
artificial was a science subject
fiction and from the principles of
computing was never thought to be
would come to create a thinking being but
Believe it or not, that has stopped being
just a subject taken from the imagination of
writers
today artificial intelligence is
something that starts to cause controversy
among the scientific community
mainly in the area of ​​mechanics
quantum that is nowadays
working on a computer that
far exceed the power of the
largest current computers
although it is very difficult to imagine
that a lot of circuits acquire
intelligence the technological advance has
allowed to develop robots that have
a slight IQ
intelligence of these robots is
comparable to that of insects
according to the law of moore the
capacity of computers has been
duplicated every 2 years and it is estimated that
will continue like this for at least the next 20
years this because the transistors
current silicon generate too much
more and more heat which makes
impossible to continue working with them
as I said the scientists are
working on new computers more
powerful this time with a technology
that would be thousands of times more advanced
than the current one but even though not yet
we have that technology the signs of
that there is a hidden intelligence
evolving in the network has caused great
controversy
the world is increasingly connected to
through computers practically
all services such as water is
light and the gas supply depend on
a computer including the economy
world is reflected in digital numbers
controlled by computers
that's why a cyber war
between world powers is imminent
this because the fear of hackers
grows every day more if someday by
example the computers of the pentagon
are hacked nothing would prevent launch the
nuclear missiles from the USA to any
country is why the war
cybernetics has started very
discreetly
but what would happen if the real enemy
was not a hacker but an intelligence
artificial that slowly evolves in
the net
in the last 10 years the internet has
gone dominating the world and one of the
most powerful companies on the planet has
developed neural networks
artificial today
consider as artificial intelligence
it's just amazing these networks
neuronal have shown signs of
interpretation of the artificial world in
images very similar to those of the
fractal geometry
according to google these images are
created by artificial intelligence
developed by these neural networks
and it is the definitive proof that
computers can acquire awareness
about the world they are in
despite this the current technology
prevents a computer from exceeding the
intelligence of a human being this
because the transistors was
of silicon is about to end
but without a doubt the new way of
computing that is found
developing in these moments will have
the power to acquire an intelligence
advanced
and quantum computing is undoubtedly the
next great advance of humanity and it
has developed to replace the
current technology based on transistors
of silicon
but how technology works
quantum technology today is based on
binary code called bit so that a
computer can perform an operation
requires a certain amount of bits to
work while a normal good can
perform four one-bit combinations
quantum also called quabit can
perform four times more and without generating
the same amount of heat for which
a few quantum bits would be
enough to overcome any mega
current computer
it is believed that many years are still
that we can develop a computer
quantum and the scope that could have
this new technology would be
unattainable
but to apply on this computer a
artificial neural network like the one that has
developed the google company would be
something that would far surpass our
artificial intelligence perspective
the creation of an intelligent being has
It has often been the subject of science
fiction in movies like me robots
matrix and terminator not really
we know what intelligence would be like
this being but considering all
simulations have made a
highly advanced intelligence would come
to the conclusion that human beings
we are dangerous for the planet
unfortunately if a computer
Quantum decides to end the race
human would not take a second
hack all the systems of the world and
launch the nuclear missiles of countries
like russia and usa ending the
humanity in seconds
no no
good friends how do you see this is a small
special for the 40 thousand subscribers not
I have words to thank you all for
support I never thought I 'd reach this figure
I want to welcome the new ones
people who have just arrived at the channel
I hope to see you here commenting and leaving
your opinion in my videos there's nothing that
make me happier do not forget me
Greetings so here they go and see you in
the next video see you later
ah
Y
and
ah
Y
ace
ah